docs: Misc updates for HR (#14181)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/working-with-xaml-hot-reload.md

Mobile targets are currently using a limited version of XAML Hot Reload and do not support C# Hot Reload until [this dotnet runtime](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/93860) issue is fixed.

> [!NOTE]
> Help us by giving it a thumbs up to help prioritize it in the .NET team backlog!

> - In Visual Studio, the "Hot Reload on File Save" feature must be disabled to avoid crashing the app. You can find this feature by clicking on the down arrow next to the red flame in the Visual Studio tool bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In Visual Studio, the "Hot Reload on File Save" feature must be disabled to avoid crashing the app. You can find this feature by clicking on the down arrow next to the red flame in the Visual Studio toolbar.
```
